So now that we have are reducer listening for the back an update to store the actual collections value
we don't need this initial state and the shot data that we have in our front end anymore.
So what we're going to do is we're actually going to remove shop data and we're even gonna delete the
shop data file because we don't need it anymore.
And then what we'll do is we're going to set our initial collections value to no by doing this will
actually run into a couple new issues with how we've set up our application.
In fact we should see an error right away when we go to our application.
Right there's two errors on the page.
The first is that our selector is expecting that an object exists because we cannot convert right this
value with object.
He's on null.
So what we got to do in our selector is we have to go and make it so that it knows that if this collections
is a null object right then we want to return something different.
So here we are saying if collections exists then call object.
If it's false.
Right.
If it doesn't.
If it's not then instead what you want to return is a empty version of our collections which in this
case will be just an empty array.
And now if we go back to our application we'll see that the error is fixed.
Now the other issue we're going to encounter is when we go to our collection page if we select this
and we refresh we'll see that we run into the problem where we cannot read the property womens of no
because as you remember inside of our selector we receive your collection you are all parameter and
then we start to look inside of our collections Map object to find the corresponding collection object
and pass it through to our collection page component so right now not only is our selector having a
problem but it's also having an issue with the way that there's no collection that's passing through
so one thing we're gonna have to be aware of is what we do if there is another value for our collections
object while in this case if this collections object does not exist then what we want to return is the
similar thing to what we wrote above.
If collections exists then return collections with the collection your pram if it doesn't then we're
just going to return.
No it's better we return null or we can just return to collections because we know it's not.
But it's more explicit this way it's better we return null so that the components that use the selector
will get a null object and naturally they themselves will know oh OK there's no data here.
Right.
There's nothing here so I'm just going to render an empty state if I need to and then what we do inside
of our actual component now we'll see that we are getting title and items of no value.
Right.
Which is fine because our application is going to be in the state where a collection could possibly
be No.
The reason is because when our app first boots up and this collection page amounts it's going to look
inside the reducer and try and find a collections map that we have however because we have not received
the data back yet from our back end because that search as we know is a synchronous R app can possibly
be in a state where the data does not exist.
So we have to create what's called a loading state and in this loading state what we want to do is actually
render a spinner of some kind right.
You know those typical loading spinners that you see when the data is trying to come in.
Well we want to render something like that.
So what we'll do is actually leverage a couple high end concepts that we've already done before in order
to build this spinner let's actually just do that first.
So the first thing we'll do is we will build a spinner component but that component we want to be able
to reuse.
So we'll going to use the higher order component pattern that we've explored before.
Now this might be a little bit confusing as we write this but I promise you that I will explain every
step of it.
Again after we've written it also while we're writing it.
So first we're going to make a new folder called with Spinner
now inside of our with Spinner.
We are going to make our width spinner dot component Duchess ex.
So this will be our higher component.
We're also going to make our with Spinner dot styles dodge ASX
and now what we're going to do is we are going to create our style objects right.
So our style components now I already have them for you.
So you can just copy them in and they leverage them CSF key frame animations in order to do the actual
spinning animation.
I'm not going to spend any time to explain it because it requires its own dedicated lesson on CSX and
that is a pretty lengthy lesson to be honest.
So because there's so much we have to cover.
I'm just going to move past this and if you would like to learn more about animations there's numerous
articles written about just the basics of how to write a CSI animation
what we'll do is we're actually going to build out our now with Spinner harder component.
So we got to import react from react and import in these two star components that we just made.
One is the overlay and one is the spinner itself the overlay just make sure that our spinner is always
center so we've got to import in our spinner container and our spinner overlay from our new spy with
Spinner styles.
And now we're gonna declare are with Spinner hada component which takes some component.
Right.
Which we're going to call our wrapped component and then as you remember with any hired a component
it returns you back a new functional component.
So in fact let's just write the component itself.
We're going to write a component that gets an is loading property and then every other property that
our regular component that is being wrapped we'll expect
and then this component will render
either are spinner depending on this is loading property right whether or not it's going to be true
or false.
So is loading is going to be a property that only takes a boolean value if it's true.
So if loading is true we want to render our spinner component so we're going to have our spin or overlay
and then our spinner container and that's our spare component if loading is false then we want to return
the rapt component that we have.
Except we're going to pass it every other prop except for the is loading prop
and then we'll export default are with Spinner component.
Now if this is a little confusing let's just go over this again.
What we're doing is we're making a new with Spinner component right higher order component.
It's a function that takes some component that we want to wrap with the functionality of our spinner
loading feature and that wrapped component gets passed into this new component that wraps around it.
Right.
This one right here and then what it does is it turns based on and is loading property that's past into
this component.
If it's loading render my spin or overlay if is loading is false then just render the component that
we passed in as normal receiving all the props that it would receive.
Now if we want to make this a more explicit we can actually write it like this we can set this equal
to a concept spinner.
Right.
So it's just like our regular components.
And then what we'll do is we just have to make sure to return outside our spinner
so this way.
Now we know what we're getting back from this hired component is a spinner component a functional spinner
component.
And you just use it the same way that you would use your wrap component.
The only difference is that if you want to render the spinner you use the is loading prop and pass it
a boolean value that will conditionally render the spinner or are a component.
One thing we have to consider is how we're going to use this with the spinner component you might think
that the place where it's causing the error is the collection page.
So let's put our width spinner on the collection page and this is not necessarily incorrect however
because our shot page is actually going to be the one sorry our shop component is going to be the component
that actually will be able to know whether or not the loading state that we're considering is actually
finished because the shop component is the one that actually receives and makes the call to update our
reducer after getting the data back from our backend then due to this reason we have to put the logic
for determining the width spinner on our shop component and I'll show you how we'll do that in the next
lesson.